README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

An Ansible role that installs/configures phpIPAM http://phpipam.net/  
Options are in place for HA DB setup if desired.

Requirements
------------

Default phpIPAM login is
````
Admin/ipamadmin
````

Role Variables
--------------

````
---
# defaults file for ansible-phpipam
enable_phpipam_db_backups: true
phpipam_base: /phpipam/  #defines root of phpipam web...if using http url headers...change this to '/'
phpipam_db_backup_name_prefix: phpipam_bkp
phpipam_db_backup_root: /backups/db/phpipam
phpipam_db_cluster: false #defines if backend db for pdns is clustered...define here or in group_vars/group
phpipam_db_host: localhost  #define db host
phpipam_db_name: phpipam  #define db name
phpipam_db_pass: phpipam  #define db password or define in group_vars/group
phpipam_db_user: phpipam  #define db user or define in group_vars/group
phpipam_download: http://sourceforge.net/projects/phpipam/files/latest/download
phpipam_patch_discovery: false  #defines if current discovery functionality should be patched
phpipam_patch_email: false  #defines if current email test functionality should be patched
phpipam_prettify_links: true  #defines if Apache2 should be configured in order to enable prettify links
phpipam_primary: false  #define if using a clustered mariadb mysql and define a single node as primary in host_vars/host
phpipam_root: '{{ web_root }}/phpipam'  #defines the root folder of where phpipam is to be installed
phpipam_url: 'ipam.{{ pri_domain_name }}'  #defines the phpipam url to configure apache2 for if configured for url rewrite
pri_domain_name: example.org  #defines the primary domain name...define here or globally in group_vars/all
web_root: /var/www/html
````

Dependencies
------------
````
mrlesmithjr.apache2
mrlesmithjr.mariadb-mysql
````

Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
        - { role: mrlesmithjr.apache2 }
        - { role: mrlesmithjr.mariadb-mysql }
        - { role: mrlesmithjr.phpipam }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Larry Smith Jr.
- @mrlesmithjr
- http://everythingshouldbevirtual.com
- mrlesmithjr [at] gmail.com

Commit message:

Cleaned up cron jobs Added var to define if cron jobs should be created.. Not sure if the cron jobs are required with the latest version of phpIPAM. But now they can be defined if enabled.
Signed-off-by: Larry Smith Jr <mrlesmithjr@gmail.coml>

README.md, after:

Role Name
=========

An Ansible role that installs/configures phpIPAM http://phpipam.net/  
Options are in place for HA DB setup if desired.

Requirements
------------

Default phpIPAM login is
````
Admin/ipamadmin
````

Role Variables
--------------

````
---
# defaults file for ansible-phpipam
enable_phpipam_db_backups: true
phpipam_base: /phpipam/  #defines root of phpipam web...if using http url headers...change this to '/'
phpipam_db_backup_name_prefix: phpipam_bkp
phpipam_db_backup_root: /backups/db/phpipam
phpipam_db_cluster: false #defines if backend db for pdns is clustered...define here or in group_vars/group
phpipam_db_host: localhost  #define db host
phpipam_db_name: phpipam  #define db name
phpipam_db_pass: phpipam  #define db password or define in group_vars/group
phpipam_db_user: phpipam  #define db user or define in group_vars/group
phpipam_define_cron_jobs: false  #defines if cron jobs for scanning and etc. should be defined.
phpipam_download: http://sourceforge.net/projects/phpipam/files/latest/download
phpipam_patch_discovery: false  #defines if current discovery functionality should be patched
phpipam_patch_email: false  #defines if current email test functionality should be patched
phpipam_prettify_links: true  #defines if Apache2 should be configured in order to enable prettify links
phpipam_primary: false  #define if using a clustered mariadb mysql and define a single node as primary in host_vars/host
phpipam_root: '{{ web_root }}/phpipam'  #defines the root folder of where phpipam is to be installed
phpipam_url: 'ipam.{{ pri_domain_name }}'  #defines the phpipam url to configure apache2 for if configured for url rewrite
pri_domain_name: example.org  #defines the primary domain name...define here or globally in group_vars/all
web_root: /var/www/html
````

Dependencies
------------
````
mrlesmithjr.apache2
mrlesmithjr.mariadb-mysql
````

Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
        - { role: mrlesmithjr.apache2 }
        - { role: mrlesmithjr.mariadb-mysql }
        - { role: mrlesmithjr.phpipam }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Larry Smith Jr.
- @mrlesmithjr
- http://everythingshouldbevirtual.com
- mrlesmithjr [at] gmail.com
